feat: implement native validation for form elements (#3404)
sbb-design-systems/lyne-components: docs/GETTING_STARTED.md

  @include sbb.text-s--bold;
}
```

## Form Support

Our form elements implement native form support:
https://web.dev/articles/more-capable-form-controls
This means our form elements can be used with `<form>` elements, emit `input`
events and integrate native form validation.

### Validation API

All of our form elements provide properties and methods for validation and
some implement specific validation functionality
(e.g. `<sbb-checkbox required>`, `<sbb-radio-button required>`).

#### `readonly form: HTMLFormElement | null`

The `form` readonly property returns the current reference to the associated
`<form>` instance, if available.

#### `readonly validity: ValidityState`

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ValidityState

The `validity` property return the current validity state of an element.

#### `readonly validationMessage: string`

> The `validationMessage` propert returns the currently applicable validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `validationMessage` property returns the currently applicable validation
```

message. Please note that only one message is returned at a time (e.g. if
multiple validity states are invalid, only the chronologically first one is
returned until it is fixed, at which point the next message might be returned,
if it is still applicable). Also a custom validity message (see below) has
precedence over native validation messages.

#### `readonly willValidate: boolean`

The `willValidate` returns true if the element will be validated
when the form is submitted; false otherwise

#### `checkValidity(): boolean`

The `checkValidity()` method returns true if the element has no validity
problems; false otherwise. Fires an invalid event at the element in the
latter case.

#### `setCustomValidity(message: string): void`

> The `setCustomValidity(message: string)` method sets the custom validity
> message for the element. Use the empty string to indicate that the element
> does not have a custom validity error.

Reviewer: Nitpicky, but for me it should be somehow clear that a consumer can set a message. Reading the existing phrase it seems not very clear for me.
```suggestion
By using `setCustomValidity(message: string)` it's possible to define a custom validation
message which is set on the element. Use the empty string to indicate that the element
does not have a custom validity error.
With this method, the validation state of the element can be controlled from outside.
```
